Changelog for v0.2.3 (#1331)
AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis: CHANGELOG.md

You may want to add temporary notes here for tracking as features are added, before a new release is ready.
-->

## v0.2.3

The following includes the following new modules developed by the Data Lab:  

> - `infercnv-consensus-cell-type`: exploration of using consensus cell types to create pooled references across all samples in a project to use when running [`InferCNV`](https://github.com/broadinstitute/inferCNV/wiki) 

Reviewer: This module became broader over time, so how is this?

```suggestion
- `infercnv-consensus-cell-type`: a module for exploring different strategies to use consensus cell types as a normal reference when running [`InferCNV`](https://github.com/broadinstitute/inferCNV/wiki) 
```

> - `cell-type-neuroblastoma-04`: a module for annotating the Neuroblastoma samples in `SCPCP00004`

Reviewer: womp womp
```suggestion
- `cell-type-neuroblastoma-04`: a module for annotating the Neuroblastoma samples in `SCPCP000004`
```

- `cell-type-scimilarity`: a module for annotating cells using [`SCimilarity`](https://genentech.github.io/scimilarity/index.html)

The `cell-type-consensus` module was updated to now incorporate annotations from the `cell-type-scimilarity` module such that consensus cell types are now assigned if 2 out of 3 methods agree (`SingleR`, `CellAssign`, and `SCimilarity`). 

This release includes minor updates to the following modules: 

- `cell-type-wilms-06` 
- `cell-type-ETP-ALL-03`
- `cell-type-nonETP-ALL-03`
- `cell-type-ewings`

> The following community-contributed analyses have been initiated are in active development: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following community-contributed analysis modules have been initiated are in active development: 
```
